Update 110-relational-operators.md (#1744)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/108-javascript-expressions-and-operators/110-relational-operators.md

> # Relational operators
> 
> JavaScript Relational Operators :
> Relational operators are also known as comparison operators.
> They are used find the relationship between two values or compare relationship between two values; on comparison they yield the result true or false.
> 
> < : less than Operator
> > : greater than Operator
> 
> <= : less than or equal to Operator
> >= : greater than or equal to Operator
> 
> == : equal to Operator
> != : not equal to Operator
> 
> === : strictly equal to Operator
> !== : strictly not equal to Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Relational Operators

Relational operators are also known as comparison operators. They are used to find the relationship between two values or compare the relationship between them; on the comparison, they yield the result true or false.

<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators#relational_operators">Relational Operators - MDN</BadgeLink>
```
